and to inside her is Beverly Goddard and
then in Lane three
Shelly Radcliffe Elaine for Jocelyn
white Lane five Linda McCurry then Val
Pete in six Donna Hartley in seven and
an Foster they're wearing 12 in Lane
eight Donna Hartley coming down a peg as
it were from the 400 meters to the 200
meters valuable speed work for her
in this final but she'll know that Sonya
Lana mannan is in superb form the United
Kingdom record holder Sanyal annamund at
twenty two point eight one the eight
goes out for the final of the two
hundred meters with Sonya Lanterman
looking for her second title of the
afternoon drawn in lane two inside her
is Beverly Goddard and then in lane
three Shelley Ratcliffe in lane four
Jocelyn height at Lane five Linda Macari
then Valerie Pete Donna Hartley in lane
seven and an Foster on the outside in
Lane eight Donna Hartley dropping down
for 400 meters to 200 meters looking for
some valuable speed work but everyone
knows that Sonya Lanham and in very good
form at the moment the United Kingdom
record holder at twenty two point eight
one and she's running a fine been to
overtaking Shelley Ratcliffe already and
coming off the bend the better but Donna
Hartley's run a magnificent Bend as well
and is in a comfortable second place
from Beverly got out and that would be a
good placing for her no doubt about the
winner those Sonya Lanham on and away
clear four or five meters from Donna
Hartley and then it's a battle because
just when Hoyt has edged out Beverly
Godard from third place
and in a second title to Sanyal animun
and that should be a new championship
record for her of 22.9 if that times
confirmed good ran from Donna Hartley
who's been running exceptionally well at
400 meters all season and was using this
as valuable speed work as I said earlier
and she must have been surprised just
how good that speed work was going
beating Beverly got art and these two
girls both going to disel off for the
first ever World Cup Donna in the 4x4
hundred metres relay Sanyal animam
they're in the 100 meters reserve the
200 meters and in the 4 by 100 meters
relay